Minutes of Meeting (Feb 16, 2021):
Timing Analysis:
1. From the experiments performed by Fixstars on Fujitsu Lab AWS, find architecture takes around 4 hours and residual architecture takes around 65 hours.
2. Vanessa mentions that separated residual will be the most time consuming architecture.
3. Fixstars AWS is available for 38 days = ~900 hours with 15 parallel instances. So we need to plan the experiments.
4. From a rough estimate, the trial 1 experiments for case 1 will take around 1 month on 15 instances of AWS.
5. Sasaki San mentions not to add new experiments in April. 
Cost Analysis:
1. Xavier feels that budget of $14000 for 15 instances on AWS seems costly for the resources we get. 
2. Sasaki San mentions that there is no discount currently with AWS.
3. Xavier compares the OpenMind. Long ago, the Lab bought 72 GPUs and the resources can be blocked for $25000 for 1 year.
4. Fixstars confirm that the machine that we need has low RAM (64 GB) and CPU requirement, the main requirement is 1 GPU per machine.
5. Sasaki San mentions that OpenMind is not for commercial use, so it may be difficult to purchase the resources. So if Fixstars can pay fee to MIT, they can access OpenMind.
6. Xavier will try to negotiate the cost for the resource required (low RAM and storage).
7. Sasaki San confirms that it is okay to take more time if all cost is paid before end of March. The experiments can be completed before May.
8. Xavier mentions that if we buy the resources from OpenMind, then the resources are allocated to the Lab, so we will be competing for the resources, but only within the Lab. 
Other Notes:
1. Xavier confirms that they plan to run more experiments after the project finishes.
2. Xavier points out the potential problems with OpenMind and the delay in fixing issues.
3. Fixstars mentions that the priority is a problem that we faced in previous project. So getting highest priority is very important. 
4. AWS will be kept as a backup plan from next week.
5. Fixstars will run few experiments on OpenMind to compare the time taken.
6. Xavier will get more information on OpenMind usage and how it can be purchased.
7. All parties will discuss the next plan over slack by end of this week.

